Add option to use local cluster in local dev docs (#198)
project-koku/koku-metrics-operator: docs/local-development.md

## Pre-reqs

> * Access to a 4.3+ Openshift cluster (you can setup a local using the [Red Hat OpenShift Local](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_local/2.5/html/getting_started_guide/installation_gsg#installing_gsg))
> * A clone of [korekuta-go-operator](https://github.com/project-koku/koku-metrics-operator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Access to a supported version of an Openshift cluster
  * [Red Hat OpenShift Local](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_local/2.31/html/getting_started_guide/installing) can be used if the monitoring stack is enabled.
  * A cluster can also be provisioned [here](https://demo.redhat.com/catalog)
* A clone of [koku-metrics-operator](https://github.com/project-koku/koku-metrics-operator)
```
